come back this time of the review of
something a little bit different this is
not a subscription box service but it is
not for you it is for your dog or cat
this is Paul post you can check them out
there at poor postcode at UK there it
kindly sent me a box as you know I have
a dog I'll put a picture and yeah it's a
brilliant idea I really think is
something that if you kind of like to
spoil your animal probably for you and
like if you've got people a cat or a
little dog or something they do cater to
all sizes of dogs so but if you have if
you kind of have a pooch that you spoil
I think this would be an always way to
do it so first of all the thing that
really struck me that poor post is that
they actually support pup 8 which is the
antique on a puppy mill campaign and a
pound from every single box is actually
donated to puppy so I think that's first
and foremost I think that's fantastic so
you do your bit whilst spoiling your
dog's I think that's a really nice
generous idea for kind of like a newer
company to do so this is the little cart
toch exactly what's in the box there's
not too much packaging which I like
because you know you could just open it
for your dog and they can kind of
rubbage around in it to their heart's
content there's not extra boxes or
anything it looks like this this I love
the paper I think the papers adorable I
like things like that and yeah first of
all I will start with the I will start
with the toy that was in the box and I
had to open it already because Oscar
went ballistic over it he absolutely
adored it and it looks so just one put
it back in the little thing it's called
a sprawl and it looks like this and I
have to level with you and say I didn't
think he was like this in million years
because you know you could see from the
picture he's a chihuahua shoots across
he's very tiny and I just thought this
would just be something that he just
wouldn't be able to get like a purchase
on I don't know if you can see what I
stated sin but he oh my god he
characters absolutely everywhere
tastes like the garden slip so that I've
just picked up whoo now he's asleep on
the sofa and he's glaring at me
I'm surprised he hasn't followed me in
here actually because I amused it you
know without his permission
it's just getting ridiculous but the one
nice thing about this though is that
it's bunching it has a sweeper in it and
it's called I also um floats in water
which is fat but it's kind of easy I can
see for little thoughts get purchase on
because it kind of had these these
little color 20 outfits of days is that
what's wrong Oh work oh yes we love it
we do so yes I used to saw bullet clip I
had to give it back to him oh no he
won't give it back to me so that was the
sprog that was the toy this is the box
for this particular month he loves it
now I got on to the next thing that's
almost gonna box going to use on him
very soon as you can see been rolling
around getting dirty and even missed so
this is fantastic this couldn't come at
the best time right
um this is the scruffy chops whoo
barking mad barking mad sorry and it's
not filming or shampoo this is actually
rhubarb and custard it's for sensitive
skin so that's good all hair types all
pet types and it says you've diluted ten
to one water so you obviously don't have
to use a huge amount of this this smells
amazing
I wish that I could use it myself
because I learned because it smells oh
it does poetry bone custard it's
ridiculous so I like setbacks with poor
posts that there are things in the box
that the owner can use I'll get to
another thing in a minute that I've been
using but I really I think it's nice
it's not just treats so it's kind of
like functional stuff that the owner can
use as well another thing it was in the
box
which I haven't given to him yet because
you just run with this as well and give
it to him in a minute it's a stack of
art the original one percent natural and
the dog shoe and this obviously is for
little dogs
so that's a good idea he talked about
these before and he just likes to carry
them around so um we'll see how that
goes
yeah he's more into histories than he is
into actually putting any effort into
cheering things like this but he doesn't
like to carry them around so I think
this would probably be quite popular
with him mineral goodness long lasting
no mess they were a good idea they
really are a third idea especially if
you do have a dog that kind of choose
things
oscar's never been like that so I don't
really have to worry about that but if
you do have a job that shoes thinks
bigger dogs testing up then these are a
fabulous idea so what I appreciate up
onto the to kind of final things in the
Box these onyx super and they are
coconut one parameter set fruit and
vegetable juice and they look like this
there are some really likes the coconut
ones and they also come in a box and a
pack of papaya
we're not sure about at the fire once
again I think it's because he's lazy and
can't actually be bothered to do them
because they don't they are throw
everything out and I've given it one by
one and you definitely prefer the
coconut and actually one of the cats is
bench I don't know why they smell really
nice and they look like they're just
dried papaya so they were very so idea
and of course they look fat I don't got
that much sugar in them they don't know
something so I think they were very nice
idea probably bigger dogs I'd say
because you know I think bigger dogs
would probably appreciate
scoffing knees down a little bit more
than this top still he does like the
coconut ones and a perfectly smell
amazing they actually smell
joyful so I like the concept behind like
the super kind of fruit and veg thing
there are a nice idea and they're not
fattening so I can see what if it was in
the box
you know his favorite thing but I'm sure
he would get around to once he gets over
his lazy period if I can't be bothered
okay it's a little dog okay what can you
do there there are certainly ways and
then the last thing which I really like
once again something Fiona and I've been
using this a lot if this little tote
which i think is fab and
looks like this and look at it I think
those fabulous homework done and they
found her in 50 million I think that's
fair I really like that and this holds a
lot this bag so it's nice because whites
practice the summer dog things I don't
really go out for a walk or I've just
been using it just to put like shopping
that's what I've been doing with it so
yeah that's my review of the cool post
box I'm gonna go give it Oscar a bath
and sort it out so to tear up because
his hair is crazy
and yeah I will link it all down below
so since poor postcode UK I hope you
enjoyed that guy's if you've got a
pampered pooch or cat as I said the Duke
at one then yeah maybe you want to check
it out and the delivery is free so I
hope that was interesting
enjoyable and I was two guys in my next
video